[EDU-4898] TiDB with Drizzle template guide (#1336)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/tidb-with-drizzle.mdx

---
title: How to deploy the TiDB Starter Kit with Drizzle ORM template

> description: This template contains the configurations to build and connect an application to TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This template contains the configurations to build and connect an edge application to TiDB.
```

meta_tags: Drizzle ORM, TiDB database, Edge Functions, Azion Marketplace, web, guides, templates
namespace: docs_guides_tidb_with_drizzle
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/tidb-with-drizzle/
---

import Tag from 'primevue/tag';

<Tag severity="info" client:only="vue">
Preview
</Tag>

The **TiDB Starter Kit with Drizzle ORM** template contains the configurations for creating and connecting an edge application to a TiDB database via Drizzle ORM.

The deployment of this template creates a GitHub repository containing your project, as well as an edge application and a domain to facilitate your access and management through Azion Edge Platform. It also creates a new database with a table in your TiDB cluster.

---

## Requirements

- A [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup) to connect with Azion and create your new repository.
    - Every push will be deployed automatically to this repository to keep your project updated.
- A [TiDB cluster](https://www.pingcap.com/) with space available for a new database.

> This template uses [Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/), [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/), and [Edge Cache](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-cache/), and it could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information. Database storage and operations could also generate costs directly by TiDB. Check [TiDB's pricing page](https://www.pingcap.com/pricing/) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This template uses [Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/), [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/), and [Edge Cache](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-cache/), which may incur usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information. Database storage and operations could also generate costs directly by TiDB. Check [TiDB's pricing page](https://www.pingcap.com/pricing/) for details.
```
